Hey, it's me Tripple/Kanteer.

Oh boy, here I go again, shoving drama into your guy's face.

Real Life Problems (Feel free to skip, this is still pretty useful just so you know a bit more about me and my personal life.):

Let's get straight into it. My worst day of my life. On December 16th, 2016, my father attacked my mother when he was drunk. He had pissed himself and was angry at my mom for calling him out on drinking. He wanted a hug from my sister, my mother said no, and that sent him over the edge. He had punched my mom twice, once in the shoulder and the back. My mom had called the police, while one of my dogs was barking. My dad went for another punch, but I had gotten in the way, telling him to "Never touch my mom again". I told him that he should never even get near her again. My father was kicked out of the home the following day and then the divorce case started.

On March 14th, 2017, my father had taken me to school. It was a normal school day, and I left in his car. My father asked a question to me and my sister. "Who do you want to live with?".  I instantly said mom, as she had made me feel safe. My father gave me a stale look, one with no expression but you could just know that he was angry. Then he asked the same question to my sister. She didn't respond.

On June 17th, 2017 (My 12th birthday), I had gotten 3 presents. A can of Coca-Cola, a bunch of colored pencils (I was into drawing at the time), and a 5$ robot. I wasn't thankful for anything he had given me. All of the shit he had given me was <10. I swear, I was convinced he had gotten all this shit from 5 Below. I just threw all of it away, except for the pencils of course. He found the things in the trash, and took them out. This was the first time he had laid a hand on me. I got a hard slap to the face from him, and he told me to not throw away stuff that you must be thankful for. Whatever that means. I proceeded to bring the stuff to my mom's house and shove it in the trash. I told my mom and she was fuming. They had fought over the phone that night.

On December 30th, 2017, my father tried to kill my mother. Obviously, he was drunk again, and it was early morning, around 4:30 - 5:30 AM. My father had parked his car behind the trees of our house, and shot a gun at her. He had missed and my mom dropped everything and ran into the house to call 911. She had seen his plate so often that she meorized it. They tracked my father down and arrested him for attempt of murder.

On August 2nd, 2018, my father kicked me out of his house for trying to call my mother to say goodnight. My mom came to pick me up at 12:00 AM. That's really all for this one.

I wouldnt see him again, and for the last time, in July 21st, 2019. I had turned 14, and I was happy. I wanted a present from him, but none came. I complained to him, and nothing came. At night, I wanted to call my mom to tell her happy birthday and that I loved her. She had turned 52 that day. My dad and his girlfriend got mad at me and screamed at me to give him the phone. I denied, and tried to run out. My dad had punched me, and his girlfriend had scratched me. I told them to fuck off, and punched my dad in the face. I gave him a bloody phone and ran into the bathroom to call my mom and to get her to the house as quick as possible. I told her the adress, and my father had tried to open the door. My sister had heard the commotion, and screamed at my father and his girlfriend. She got them far enough away that I could run to the door and escape. I called the cops, and they arrived quickly. Same with my mother. My dad had persuaded them to think that there was no action and that I was disobeying rules. I had showed my mom the marks, and she was livid. They didn't do anything. That was the last time i saw my father.

None of this is a lie. My father actually did these things.

Hey you! Yeah you! I'm still working on this, so gimme a break!!
